CGI : This is the server side script used to process forms . It plays around with the values given by the user and gets the work done on the server side .

   -> There is a long string containing all the information given by the user . This long string is got depending on what type of request is sent by the user :
        
        * For GET submissions , it's in the environment variable QUERY_STRING
        * For POST submissions, read it from STDIN. The exact number of bytes to read is in the environment-variable CONTENT_LENGTH

HTTP : Very simple protocol . It is a connection less protocol. 

    -> All that happens is that the client sends a request for a URL to the server . The server analyzes the request and sends the result back to the client. Once this is sent , the server closes the connection immediately . This makes this protocol a connectionless protocol ( stateless protocol ) .

    -> The request sent by the client is in the form ( each of the lines can end either with CRLR or just LR )

        1 Initial line 
        2 zero or more header lines
        3 Blank line 
        4 Optional message body 

    PS : CR and LR stand for ASCII values 13 and 10.

    1) Initial Line : The request line has 3 parts separated by spaces : method name , path to file , version of HTTP . 
        Ex : GET path_to_file HTML_version

    2) Headers to be defined to let the server know various things about the web-browser and the user . ( The type of browser , the language etc )



    -> The recieved packet is also the same . Just the top header line is different. In this case , the header line is of the form  :
            
            HTTP/version Status_code String_output

            Status_code : 
                1xx : informational message only
                2xx : success of some kind
                3xx : redirects to the link given in the location field in a later part of the message
                4xx : problem on the client side
                5xx : problem on the server side



